sometimes it seems impossible to forgive
someone else this meditation is meant to
guide us from the impossible to the
possible by igniting the power of love
and light within us we are able to
release others from the bonds of fear
and in that instant we release ourselves
to live a more miraculous life let us
begin by closing our eyes we then
breathe out breathe in breathe out we
set the intention for love in the space
that love guide us teach us and uplift
us that love be the source of all our
power let it light the way to a safe and
quiet place you can following the light
of love back home back to that space
within where all is calm where all is
serene where anything is possible but an
image set in your mind maybe it's a
beautiful horizon maybe you're by a lake
maybe you're by a stream maybe you're in
the field
if that image begin to fill with light
as the light enters that space it begins
to fill your being your body is now
covered in this beautiful light you
notice that the source of this light is
shining from within
it's igniting you it's uplifting you
it's filling you with love feel the
warmth of the light feel to calmness
that the light brings feel the amazing
energy that you're being charged with
now begin to see another beam of light
enter the space slowly and gently
they're moving towards you you notice
it's this person this person that you
cannot release they are also filled with
light as they enter the space the light
emanating from both of you unites and
you create this amazing vision of light
illuminating effortlessly together
you're connected your Bulls came from
that same place within from that place
of love and as you send them your love
you begin to release your anger your
sadness your frustration as you begin to
send them love you're able to begin to
release them from that space they begin
now to float away gently the same way
they entered you still are filled with
light the love you felt was changeless
the love you felt was not easily
disrupted the love you felt was real
I'll carry this love with you inside of
you extending it to others that need to
be released within forgiveness without
love within forgiveness without love
breathing forgiveness without love
gently begin to bring yourself back
knowing now that you are safe that your
defenselessness protects you that you
cannot be harmed with this light within
you gently begin to open your eyes